#summary Release notes for the Sorian AI Mod

== Release Notes ==

*1.1e:* Fixed bug that caused T4s to get stuck.

*1.1d:* Improved T4 grouping, AI will go nuts when it has a paragon.

*1.1c:* Fix end of game bug (really this time).

*1.1b:* Fix end of game bug.

*1.1:* Fixed duplicate chat bug, AI Commander will no longer get reassigned to a different base, AI commander will no longer be transported, Added more taunt abilities and situations, Fatboy will fire from range, Prepared AI Chat for localization, Added support for AI to react to ally markers, Better behaviors for the Tempest and Atlantis, T4 Grouping, T2 Engineering Support Structures in Firebases and Defensive points, Added NavalHuntAI, StrikeForce Naval Platoons, AI will upgrade sonar, AI will name its T4 Units, Made the Turtle AI seek defensive points more aggressively and build them up bigger than the regular AIs.

*1.0:* The AI will build T3 Artillery in expansion bases that are in-range of the enemy, Fixed a default AI bug that was preventing the AI from building T2 and T3 Firebases. The AIFindFirebaseLocation() was messed up, also the threat map is far too inaccurate for this sort of thing, Lots of econ tweaks and pitfall fixes, AI will pause mass fabs when the energy gets low. Why they removed this I will never know, Fixed AI building lots and lots and lots of TMD in expansion bases, Fixed building tons of T1 defenses for no reason out in the middle of nowhere, Fixed AI keeping up with Anti-Nukes, it was counting all anti-nukes when it should just count the ones in the main base, Adjusted TML target leading. Better chance of hitting groups of units and the occasional solo one, Omni in expansion bases, Massive improvement to T4 reactions: Based on latent intel rather than vision, Fix for platoons not wanting to leave the base, Fix for platoons stopping in the middle of nowhere waiting for a transport, Fix for factories in the middle of nowhere, Build Defenses towards enemy, Stop focusing on walls, Near base alarm, Fixed land and water platoons, AI Chat, AI will not fire Tac Missiles or Artillery into their base or their allies bases, Fixed ACU Upgrades.

*0.9.9:* Land units should not get stuck shooting into cliffs, Improved distress response, Many, many AI tweaks, Improved transport use, More PD and AA in perimeter defenses, Bigger Air groups, Less TML more Artillery, Greater response to major threats, Hives and Kennels will Upgrade, Fixed bug in distress response, Fixed Rush aggressiveness when playing multiple enemies, Fixed AI not building multiple Hydros when there is more than nearby, AI will reduce the number of expansion bases depending on the number of AIs in the game. (Duncane's idea).

*0.9.8e:* Improved Distress Response, Improved Naval Pathing, Engineers will assist a T4 project before starting a new one (to a point), Naval Econ tweaks, Crash to desktop fix.

*0.9.8d:* Version number will now be displayed in the lobby, Naval units will use formations.

*0.9.8c:* Fixed T4 not moving bug, Fixed Czar behavior, Fixed Torp bombers, Fixed AI power crunch on maps with no nearby Hydro, Other minor changes.

*0.9.8b:* Fixed bug preventing the AI from building Air only expansions, Fixed bug with Naval platoons preventing them from pathing, Fix for Sim Speed fix bug after an enemy dies, Added Water AI.

*0.9.8:* AI should tech faster, AI will use T2 engineer structures and not kill them off due to unit cap, AI should spread TMD out more, Fix for later game engineers not rebuilding Radar, Stopped late game T1, T2 Tactical will go after least protected highest priority target, AI will see enemy engineers as a threat to its structures, More T1 mobile arty, AI will mix scouts into platoons, Fix for Naval Units not doing anything, Fix for AI using the wrong expansion bases, Updated Sim Speed fixes.

*0.9.7:* Fighters will patrol their bases, Fix for Cybran early scouts using stealth, Engineers will look for nearby projects to assist before starting a new project of the same type, AI will try to keep enough anti-nikes to stop enemy nukes, AI will group later game T4s, AI will build Paragon, New !EngineerNeedsAssistance() function, New Air AI, AI will use Paragon.

*0.9.6d:* T4 response defenses, Fix for TMD, strikeforce break off to go after priority target, Adjusted T4 priorities, Adjusted Commander priorities, Changed the way the Commander Attacks, Changed the way T4s attack, Adjusted Naval priorities.

*0.9.6c:* Fix for Commander being picked up by a transport.

*0.9.6b:* No Rush Fix, Sim Speed Fix (credits to Duncane), More Economy adjustments to make the AI a bit more aggressive.

*0.9.6:* Engineers will finish unfinished Experimentals and Structures, Engineers will assist damaged Shields, More aggressive early game, Minor Commander tweaks, AI will build TMD if it sees a close TML.

*0.9.5:* AI will detect if an enemy has a lack of anti-air and take advantage of it, More commander behavior fine-tuning, Fighters will no longer attempt to attack Air units as they are being built, More economy changes, AI wont clutter its base with land units, If an enemy has a lack of land defense the AI will take advantage of it, Hydro plant will be built earlier, Strikeforces will now path, Fix for T4's getting stuck, AI will respond better to Air units in its base, AI will build more defenses.

*0.9.4d:* Fix for Attackforces returning to base just outside of enemy base, new economy controls are now instant build conditions, small changes to commander behavior, AI will now try to protect power generators with shields, base guards wont be used if there are sufficient base defenses.

*0.9.4c:* Fix for AI not upgrading factories, other small balance changes.

*0.9.4b:* Fix for Sorian Rush initial build order on small maps.

*0.9.4:* Better commander threat evaluation, AI more aggressive, Rush AI more aggressive with units and commander, Improved tac missile targeting, Improved economy, Fix for AI starting multiple T4 projects when it shouldn't, Better defended expansion bases.

*0.9.3:* Lots of economy changes, AI should work harder to defend airspace, AI will go after enemy mass extractors more, Commander will move to a safe spot in it's base if it isn't doing anything else, lots of other fine tuning.

*0.9.2:* Water maps should be playable (needs more testing to verify), Czar beam fixed, AI should build more defenses, AI should lay off the T1 and T2 units when in T3.

*0.9.1:* Fixed 2 bugs, new Nuke behaviors, modified targeting priorities, new Artillery behaviors, factories will tech to T3.

*0.9.0:* Useless pathing fix, balance changes.

*0.8.8:* Lag bug fix, more balance and defense changes.

*0.8.7:* More optimizations, small balance changes.

*0.8.6:* Fix for low Sim Speed, Balance and Economy changes.

*0.8.5:* Fix for TMLs not firing, Removed new Cloak/Stealth/Radar features, Fix for Base guards, Fix for stuck engineers, Fix for Commander upgrades, Cheat AIs names are now formatted properly, Platoons will now use formations and attackmove, Balance Changes. 

*0.8.3:* AI will reevaluate targets periodically, AI will use Megalith, Balance changes, Attempt at fixing stuck units involving transports, Bug fix in transport usage.

*0.8.2:* Fixed Cloak/Stealth/Radar bug.

*0.8.1:* Fixed bug in unit.lua.

*0.8.0:* Fixed AI cloak/stealth behavior, updated for aisupport mod support, more balance fixes, other changes I forgot.

*0.7.5:* Adjusted speed to T3

*0.7.3:* Typo fixes preventing AI expansion and defense building, fix for unneeded pathing.
*0.7:* Fixed Commander behaviors, adjusted IBO.

*0.6.5:* More balance fixes, Engineers will reclaim.

*0.6:* Balance fixes, T4 Response, Late game T4 groups, code separation.

*0.5.2:* Fixed a minor bug.

*0.5.1:* Support for the AI Support Mod.

*0.5:* More commander behavior fixes, T4s should be fixed, more balance changes and adjustments.

*0.4:* Really fixed commander behavior, tweaked defenses, hopefully fixed land t4s, ai should use higher tech land more.

*0.3:* Fixed Commander behaviors, More tweaks.

*0.2:* Land and Air units will use their stealth/cloak, some more fine tuning of the Sorian AI, Engineers shouldn't abandon projects(I hope), Removed old log messages, Old SC Commander behaviors are back.

*0.1:* Initial Test Release